README.md, before:

# Project Setup

##### Prerequisites: nginx, git, NPM, composer (optional), redis

1. Clone project `$ git clone git@github.com:egeshi/phalcon-demo.git`
2. Install composer locally if none is setup as global as described [here](https://getcomposer.org/download/)
3. Set `PHALCON_ENV` or `APP_ENV` environment variable to `development` value
3. Set `NODE_ENV` environment variable to `development` value
4. `$ mv composer.phar composer`
5. Run `$ ./composer update` to generate autoloader classes, install Bower/NPM dependencies and Phalcon Devtools needed for IDE.
6. Create database and load ACL tables and roles from `config/sq/acl.sql`
7. You may experience strange issues with routing if running nginx. This config works ;)
```
server {
    listen      80;
    server_name phalcon.dev.lan;
    root        /srv/phalcon.custom/app/public;
    index       index.php;
    charset     utf-8;

    location / {
        if (-f $request_filename) {
            break;
        }

        if (!-e $request_filename) {
            rewrite ^(.+)$ /index.php?_url=$1 last;
            break;
        }
    }

    location ~ \.php$ {
            try_files $uri =404;
            fastcgi_split_path_info ^(.+\.php)(/.+)$;
            fastcgi_pass 127.0.0.1:9000;
            fastcgi_index index.php;
            include fastcgi_params;
            fastcgi_param PATH_TRANSLATED $document_root$fastcgi_path_info;
            fastcgi_param SCRIPT_FILENAME $document_root$fastcgi_script_name;
    }

    location ~ /\.ht {
        deny all;
    }

    error_log /var/log/nginx/phalcon_error.log;
    access_log /var/log/nginx/phalcon.log;
}
```

Commit message:

modified:   README.md 	modified:   app/config/routes.ini 	deleted:    app/config/sql/acl.sql 	new file:   app/config/sql/start.sql 	modified:   app/src/Demo/Controllers/IndexController.php 	modified:   app/src/Demo/Models/User.php 	modified:   app/src/Demo/views/assets/sass/app.scss 	modified:   app/src/Demo/views/index.phtml 	modified:   app/src/Demo/views/layouts/dashboard.phtml 	new file:   app/src/Demo/views/partials/form-add-company.phtml 	new file:   app/src/Demo/views/partials/grid.phtml

README.md, after:

# Description

Project contains several users with pre-defined password `test`. To display the power of GROUP_CONCAT() there is a pre-defined set of users with a list of companies together with company category which company is registered under. User logins are `admin@server.com`, `user1@server.com`, `user_xxx@server.com`, `sqsclub@gmail.com`, `customer1@gmail.com`. Following ACL only staff members can see user companies info also they can only see their info following query restrictions.

# Project Setup

##### Prerequisites: nginx, git, NPM, composer (optional), redis

1. Clone project `$ git clone git@github.com:egeshi/phalcon-demo.git`
2. Install composer locally if none is setup as global as described [here](https://getcomposer.org/download/)
3. Set `PHALCON_ENV` or `APP_ENV` environment variable to `development` value
3. Set `NODE_ENV` environment variable to `development` value
4. `$ mv composer.phar composer`
5. Run `$ ./composer update` to generate autoloader classes, install Bower/NPM dependencies and Phalcon Devtools needed for IDE.
6. Create database and load ACL tables and roles from `config/sql/start.sql`
7. You may experience strange issues with routing if running nginx. This config works ;)
```
server {
    listen      80;
    server_name phalcon.dev.lan;
    root        /srv/phalcon.custom/app/public;
    index       index.php;
    charset     utf-8;

    location / {
        if (-f $request_filename) {
            break;
        }

        if (!-e $request_filename) {
            rewrite ^(.+)$ /index.php?_url=$1 last;
            break;
        }
    }

    location ~ \.php$ {
            try_files $uri =404;
            fastcgi_split_path_info ^(.+\.php)(/.+)$;
            fastcgi_pass 127.0.0.1:9000;
            fastcgi_index index.php;
            include fastcgi_params;
            fastcgi_param PATH_TRANSLATED $document_root$fastcgi_path_info;
            fastcgi_param SCRIPT_FILENAME $document_root$fastcgi_script_name;
    }

    location ~ /\.ht {
        deny all;
    }

    error_log /var/log/nginx/phalcon_error.log;
    access_log /var/log/nginx/phalcon.log;
}
```
